In those cases, what I'll ask you to do is just go and fill out the spreadsheet with  what you've been able to observe.  If it doesn't exist, that's okay.  That's going to be part of the conversation.  But as long as what we do is we basically implement what things are, and we're going to leave things  blank whether or not, and that's going to be the deliverable, operational, we determined  you to be the link.  It seems to be the user inquiry in another 15 days, and then another 30, and then another  30.  But that's what your work is going to flesh out.  We have no idea when the clock started for these delinquencies based on any of the reporting  or communication that you've done to these borrowers.  We have no idea how many communications, whether they were verbal, story, no consistent or cohesive  story.  We are with these people.  We've managed that in 2024.  They haven't paid.  It's an example point.  Right.  Right.  And so if you were documenting what is there, the one conversation to pull up spreadsheet  and go, you see all these dates, that's all we have.  And so you see all these empty space that.  Yeah.  And that's a huge problem.  And else we can do with this.  Right.  And so the delinquencies.  Yeah.  Bring in a helper team that can say, hey, here's what we're missing.  Where do we get that?  If you don't know, we'll help you find out and figure out that these are the consistent  artifacts that has that information.  You know, an email that says, you know, that's not even related to the delinquency.  It's related to, hey, this borrower is now selling their, has put their house up on the  market.  Yeah.  Exactly.  I think, yeah.  Not relevant.  I think they didn't make a declaration to us.  And if so, we're in violation of Fair Deck.  We're into Fair Credit Reporting Act.  Whoops.  Yeah.  And that's how this way is to say you have in place that you're putting in triggers of  the decision tree that I share with you into that system so that it's triggering it.  It's sitting out as a standard email every single time.  If you want to give it to when it gets to the point of knuckle.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Developing a process flow.  Here's a process flow.  You've got to work, work the, work the process, but you know, they also need to know, hey,  are we talking about 10 loans out of our 25,000 or are we talking 2,500 out of the 25,000?  Right.  You know, that will help them understand, you know, hey, what's their exposure, but, you know,  how much effort is, is, is needed in this and, you know, the more missing data elements  you have, the harder it is.  So yeah.  Okay.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  Right.  And when you finish populating those best breccees with our work, no, it was an internal communication  about whoops they're selling the property. For example, effectively going to be regulations.  These are probably that to the entire population.  Just prove you had the entire... the entire set instead of the subset, yeah.  Yeah, that's right. You're going to go through the entire universe for a single loan.  It's on you now. Good luck. Right.  Right. Spreadsheet to the best of your ability. Make notes.  Any relevant notes in the yellow comment section on Monday.  So if we could possibly get that done by the end of this week,  that would be perfectly colored readiness. This is what you give them.  Right. Yeah, I've got samples in the box. As a matter of fact, I've uploaded the process flow  to box just so it's in that base, base folder, but... Perfect.  Yeah, there are kind of multiple subfolders there, the Fannie Mae and the alternate.  Sample document in there, which basically has that subpopulation.  And I basically color-coded it at least how far we did document it there.  Delinquency for just in our conversation and in your review,  you go back to your own communication and that becomes a starting point for collections again.  Or you just eat it to make it easy for yourself and to ensure that you get it right going forward  is that you just start the collection process all over day one today.  Briefing that isn't already in the collections or what I would say in the... Right.  To get this done properly. Right. Yeah.  I think it's definitely a, more than fair, b, it's the right thing to do.  Is it too much overkill, etc? I mean, it's just trying to get back to right.  You know, there are significant indicators that we are on the wrong side of that middle road.  And we've got to develop a plan to get back right and then execute on that plan going forward.  So, that's what we do to help them do, okay.  Yeah, that's, that's friendship we'll help in these this. It's not going to fly with regular.  Well, again, we'll capture what we have. We'll put the date. So and so, would you mind paying  some form of a solicitation that said, hey, actually, we can work through this.  Any one of those things will be the cornerstone for the next step with every one of those loans.  And then, hopefully, what they're going to say is, we don't have time to go through all that.  Would you mind looking at the rest?  Spreadsheet, look at every single one. Find the last communication date.  Do you have an example where we know...  So in the, in the sample spreadsheet, we see the number of days delinquent.  Do you have an example of an artifact that identifies that?  One, not a one.  Okay, the only between two systems.  One way to go about doing it is you look at the loan history when it exists  and you look for when the late charges start.  Let's say on January, you see contiguous, then it's just, apart if you see a gap  and you see late payments, like what's he would start?  Okay, where is the payment?  Is there a payment file?  Well, within each one of those loans, there's my first, like,  or they converted one of two and have to see what the month is and you just walk it out.  Whenever they skip months, one, two, three, four, five,  and then there's late fee, late fee, late fee, and that's because that means you're the  link with, that means we're collecting it for closing on you and it's like, uh,  yeah, sometimes they don't do that.  Start the cycle, say, say that again, start the cycle over again.  Yep.  And if I am 30 days late, I'm making the full payment something,  but if I'm 30 days late, but if it's, if it's the result of a partial payment, which then,  but leaves a partial, always 30 days late, yeah, I've caught up on the last 30 days.  Right.  Now, it recessed the clock for the next $50 or $150 late fee.  Right.  Even if you updated your, hey, the escrow increased,  I'd, you know, my automatic payment didn't account for that,  but then I fixed it, but you didn't reconcile the $19 late fee.  And so now you're making the right payment, but you're still getting partial payment credit.  Because you're missing 19 bucks.  You're missing the $19 and you're getting charged $19 over and over and over.  And you're getting a repeat history of partial payment.  Yeah, and technically it should just restart the clock.  That was 30 days late, 60, 90, 120, 180, 150, 180, right?  Right.  So technically you shouldn't be foreclosed on for that.  Well, right.  And then, and then the info that they give us is in PDF format as opposed to  something we can work with.  Yeah, that's right, that's right.  So that's, that's it's fun.  Yeah.  Of regulations.  Right.  When you're done, based on full in the, in the, when we get to the, when we get to my day,  yeah, there might be.  And when we can expect it, it's not what's the best.  Yeah, and I think shining the flashlight on the missing, missing pieces of information,  you know, you're missing just the, the initial  delinquent date and, and you're missing the transaction history.  We can't, we can't make any conclusions about that one.  Right.  And so, you know, what I'm kind of thinking in my brain as well as, okay,  we're here, here are the cases where we've got all the information we need.  You know, the, the, extract that information, fill them all in.  I'm kind of thinking out out to the right as sort of a artifact that contains the information as well.  In, in some way, not, not, you know, over, overblowing it, but a way to trace back.  So when you're explaining it, you know, even if you've got like a clickable link that just,  yep, there's the loan history rate.  No, loan history doesn't exist.  Therefore, we can't do anything else with this, with this loan, and it's, it's crazy for us to,  to your point, to your head to get the ground like, I can't find it.  I can't find it. I can't, LH ought to be there.  You know, closing, closing document ought to be there, even if it's muddled.  Like a lot of the, the closing documents, they've been scanned five times.  You know, I don't, I don't, I don't know how any of these groups handle that.  Yeah, I don't know how they should be as simple.  Yeah, it's not that you don't have it.  It's just that you're not doing a very good job of capturing it, right?  So to say, for example, I can't confirm any of these things.  Okay, so that's a, a confirmation letter or  delinquent, delinquent letter one, delinquent letter two, delinquent letter three,  if those, if none of those exist were halted, we need, we need something there  that confirms the delinquent's date.  Now, the loan history kind of gives us an indication of where that,  where those letters should have started.  But if we don't have the letters, we can't, we can either confirm or deny, right?  Do you, do you, do you know, okay?  And it comes in, it comes in hard, so like 45, 30 to 45 day, you might see an email  that goes out from the, from services to that individual.  It says, hey, we see your lane.  Let's talk about catching up.  That's a good faith effort.  Sure, that should be within reach out to them directly,  informally, to say, how's formal, and those are what the solicitations are between these  hours of satatia.  And what's going to happen next if with the next one will come?  And what, what it will say, right?  Right.  Just as you see, repeated delinquency, how they treat delinquencies that are partial versus  full, not fully non-paid, review for them.  Yeah, and without that.  So the loan pass do report that does give us a day's delinquent, right?  Telling, is this a report, say?  Correct, there's no proof behind it until we've identified proof, and that's,  yeah, one of the steps, not just filling in the dates, but you know, what,  what proof is behind it is what kind of goes, goes in my head.  Yeah.  Well, and here's the end, and they didn't have these things effectively.  Okay, well, if that's the frequency of sharing these things, did they?  We're going to foreclose on you and work this week, so they just pick somebody out of the,  we can't reconcile 70 days delinquent to eat.  And from when?  For me, November.  Somebody chose out of the air.  Or does the system trigger notice when it's over 30 days?  Do we have any idea?  And the answer's going to be, we don't know.  Right.  You'll, one, just one, three, this, one, cross the entire day.  Yeah, absolutely, but also the burden as every month goes by that a funding institution is doing  it wrong, you know, compounds the challenge, you know, get the process right,  and follow the process, and continuously inspect the process.  You know, this has got to where, you know, it starts to become obvious.  People are saying they're checking the box.  Yeah, I did, I did it.  And are they doing it adequately?  Are they, are they checking themselves?  Is somebody fact checking?  And so now that we're shining the flashlight in there, you, things start to become obvious.  The black light challenge.  How gross out is that weight, right?  So you've generated a retrospecting in whose running that part was like,  so what should I expect here?  I said, you should expect to have to develop a brand new process because all  the second largest credit union in the country is S-E-C-U of North Carolina.  Raleigh, I know.  Raleigh, North Carolina, they are over the next 18 months going to replace their existing core platform.  It might be some antiquated FIS, and they're going to correlation.  Do you know correlation?  I don't, I don't know it well.  I've heard of it, but I don't know other financial institutions.  It sounds, if, if friends in the industry have that same question mark over their head,  when they hear correlation, it's like,  they're, they're, they're in for it.  Especially when you  not just get beyond 10 billion, you, you pass over the 50 billion mark, and you're,  you know, one of the top 25 top 50 institute financial institutions in the country.  You know, maybe you can afford to go through challenging waters, but,  you know, how are you going to find people that can shine the flashlight in this?  But it's a major conversion, so they're going from one core to another core,  and exactly what we're going through here with that $3 billion.  That's just one avenue.  They were just talking about residential related loans.  You know, all the other things are also  regulated and need to be traceable and fact-checked and  that's right.  Quantified and all that, the, the end result.  It's not just don't, don't just rely on the vendor  that soldier, this bag of, bag of hammers, you know, to, to do this for you.  And then all the other systems that tie into it.  And that's kind of one of the things that, you know, reporting,  you know, all, all of your reports that all of your business units depend on  are now going to be impacted by a different  core platform.  It affects everything.  And they, you know, take that step further.  Yeah.  Yeah.  And the one in Raleigh is shared by two or three,  the, in their, in their, they share,  to bear with them bucking mess.  As you see you, is that they won't  do the same or be enough.  Yeah.  You know, it's interesting.  It's interesting.  Yeah, already.  Right, right.  So, and, and just take, take another perspective,  Sue, you know, you, you probably started your career at the family business.  And awesome.  You got, you know, you're the second largest credit union in the country.  Great job.  High five.  You, it's unbelievable out of the 50 states  that all have a state employees credit union.  Somehow, North Carolina has, has evolved into, you know,  the largest of all state employees credit unions.  Fantastic.  However, you don't know what you don't know.  And as the industry has evolved and the regulations have evolved,  you know, it's not a bad idea to get an outside view  to help you get over some big challenges.  So that you'd land on the other side  in a, in a better spot.  That's what, that's, that's what we do and why we do it.  And I get it.  You know, we all get it.  Credit unions don't want to spend a whole lot of money.  You're not for profit.  You're this and that.  But we've done plenty of work with other credit unions.  The good news is credit unions like to share  because they don't exactly compete with each other.  That's not completely true.  But, you know, it's partially, partially true.  They've got their own segments.  Our members are state employees.  These employees, these members are, you know,  of a different segment.  Best office.  Yeah, exactly.  So yeah, it's interesting having that conversation.  But, you know, get down below 20 billion  and, you know, they're, they're not going to spend money  on a deloitte or an EY.  And so it creates an opportunity for  guys like us that, you know, the, the firms that we work with,  firms that we run.  We don't have a whole lot of overhead.  And therefore, we can bring great value for, you know,  a good, a good price.  100% and we can bring the big floor experience.  And getting them to hear that without the cost.  Yeah, because, you know, the convincing part is a lot of times,  exactly what you were trying to make the case for is,  yes, you're smart and we're smart.  We've got it, you know, an external view  and a flashlight that we can shine and we've done it,  done it before.  It doesn't, it doesn't hurt to have the information,  but they've been so used to solving their own problems.  20 years, 30 years, 40 years.  I've been with the company over 40 years.  Right, right.  Right, I ran into that at, at first tack.  You know, and people hate to go back on prior decisions.  Well, we picked this solution.  You know, that's how I got involved at first tack,  federal credit union.  They were trying to implement digital insight.  And it was just, it was just the wrong solution.  It was a square peg going into a round hole.  They wanted to go in this direction.  Here's our five-year vision, things that we want to do.  And we've spent 18 months trying to implement this thing  and it's nowhere near production.  Like, right.  What if we took a step back and just ask the question, yes.  Is this the right solution for where you want to go?  Why is it so hard to implement?  You know, you, and you hate to throw away dollars and effort  that you've already done and you hate to go back on a decision  that you've already made, however,  is it just going to continue to throw good money after bad?  And it doesn't hurt to just, let's pause and take a look.  What else is out there?  And they did that to their credit.  Actually, their internal team wanted to build their own digital banking solution.  They had some experience in that.  They had been managing, maintaining kind of this digital banking platform  since before the internet was a thing.  And I said, you guys have good experience.  You know how your core works and all that.  Before we pitch to your leadership that you want to build it yourself,  let's go evaluate eight digital banking platforms that are well-known,  maybe not so well-known, etc.  And then you can kind of make the decision, wow,  could we build all that or even more importantly,  do we need to build all that?  If someone else has it and why spend two years trying to build your own thing  that then you have to maintain, why not just  pay somebody else, and then you can hold them to task?  Hey, look, that's a way to manage all that.  Skip the line on that.  But also keep an eye on.  You know, you have internal support and you never know what the future will bring.  The real world is the real world.  You want to pick a solution that can adapt to change.  And I think that's exactly what you're talking about as well.  You've seen that and lived it and created a product  that hey, it's adaptable.  It's a starting point so we have the use cases that this solves  but it can evolve in the future to your needs  and your unique use cases.  But we give you enough groups, right?  All right, well hopefully in that we'll get that message too.  When we share with them this spread sheet  and say all of those empty ones are your fault.  Well, I think we'll have some good direction on for each.  You know, here's a relatively simple process.  But for each are the supporting artifacts available?  Right, before you can even, no, no, no, exactly.  And therefore we, all these fields, all these columns are  not available because we don't have those artifacts.  Now we can do us another pass.  Now that you know for each, you should have a closing document.  You should have a transaction history.  You should have these five things.  When was the first notice sent out?  When did it first go delinquent?  You know, if we have a, it's been delinquent for X number of days,  well then there should be a letter.  Exactly 102 days, I'll go, go look at your communication history  with the customer around that time.  You know, we, we could do that if you want to bring us in to do that.  But you know, here are the whatever it is,  five or six artifacts that are needed for each.  And most of these we have two artifacts.  And they're not what we, what we need.  But yes, I think, I think that those are the things in my mind  that we can get for in preparation for your Monday.  Thank you for taking the time to do that.  And for catching up with me, it's always great to see you.  Great to see you, great to, great to chat with you as well.  And you know, hopefully more comes from this.  Yeah, I have a feeling that it will once we lay it all out there.  And I've got some, you know, just from fucking points  to get us started down the converse, to get us started.  I don't have to go shit, well.  Right, right.  And I think that's great.  That's a, it's a great suggestion.  And you know, the recommendation of you,  you can't just hire someone from lows to do this.  You know, you don't need the most experienced senior consultant,  et cetera.  But you, you've got to have somebody that understands the industry  but can also turn the crank.  And you know, whether it's a team of folks  or, you know, we'll bring in the one guy that can roll  their sleeves for three months and turn through this.  But here, here is the process.  And you can't, you can't circumvent the process.  You've got to go through the process.  Yeah, that's exactly right.  And that's what it is.  I mean, you got to create a process.  And you have to, you have to commit to that process  in order to ensure that this all gets done the right way.  And that on the back end of it, you're able to  effective way in supporting documentation through it.  Right.  So that it's not just rhetoric, there's reality to support it.  And that's, that's going to ultimately be the key for these guys.  Exactly.  Great.  Awesome.  Well, let's catch up.  Let's catch up Friday afternoon.  What we are.  When you've, when you've finished and you feel like you've,  you've squeezed that turn up as much as you can,  let's set a self-aggression and convenience.  And let's talk through what we got.  And then I'll use that to build my case  for an expected scope.  I think that's great.  Perfect.  Well, standing.  Thank you, sir.  All right, Miles.  Good to see you, friend.  Sounds good to hear.